# Documentation for [re]creating the build instructions

This describes the steps to create the online Blinky Bot build instructions from base documentation, which is stored offline as a word processor document.  The printable instructions are generated by exporting that document to a pdf file.  Creating the online instructions is a bit more complex.  Most of the full size printable images need to be resized smaller for use on the web page.  In addition, the source images are named "Pic 1.png", "Pic 2.png", etc.  With that same file names for each type of Blinky Bot.  So the raw numbered files need to be resized, renamed, and stored in the pictures folder.  Here are the details for creating the current round of instruction pages.

## Bat Badge

This was the first set of instructions converted for web use.  Several of the pictures are common to all (almost) all Blinky Bots.  Processing of those can be skipped for the other Blinky Bots.  Unless we end up with a better source picture of course.  Many of the common pictures are only different for the Lady Bug, which has 3 LEDs, and needs an extra black wire on the switch, and an extra red wire on the battery holder.

Standard gimp png export settings for these pictures, unless otherwise specified:
* no save background color
* save resolution
* save creation time
* no save colour values from transparent pixels
* compression level 9 (maximum)

Pictures
* Pic 1.png » pictures/BatBadgeFinished.png 607x456
* Pic 2.png » pictures/BatBadgeSupplies.png) 1224x1632
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 500px width
* Pic 3.png » pictures/StandardTools.png (common to most Bots) 902x977
  * rescale to 500px width
* Pic 4.png » pictures/BatBadgeBody.png 484x394
  * crop blank edges
* Pic 5.png » pictures/BatBadgeLEDs.png 587x441
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 500px width
* Pic 6.png » pictures/SwitchAssembly.png (common) 1224x1632
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 400px width
* Pic 7.png » pictures/BlackWiresTwisted.png (common) 1224x1632
  * crop blank edges; rotate 90° CCW; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 8.png » pictures/BlackWiresLoop.png (common)
  * aggressive crop edges; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 9.png » pictures/TwistedWiresToSwitch.png (common) 1224x1632
  * crop blank edges; rotate 90° CCW; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 10.png » pictures/SolderedSwitch.png (common)
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 11.png » pictures/BatteryHolderPlus.png (common)
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 12.png » pictures/HolderWithSwitch.png (common)
  * crop blank edges; rotate 90° CCW; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 13.png » pictures/BatBadgeWiredLEDs.png
  * crop blank edges; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 14.png » pictures/BatBadgeFirstTest.png
  * crop blank edges; rotate 90° CCW; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 15.png » pictures/BatBadgeTrimedWires.png
  * aggressive crop blank edges; rotate 90° CW; rescale to 350px width
* Pic 16.png » pictures/BatBadgeHolderOnSwitch.png
  * aggressive crop blank edges; rescale to 350px width
* WCRS Business Card.png
